Liquid Staking (#4)
Bobface/onlypwner-challenges: challenges/3doc-liquid-staking/DESCRIPTION.md

> Everybody's buzzing of a new invite-only project, where you get the one-time-in-a-lifetime opportunity to stake ETH and swap it for a real ERC-20!!!
> 
> You liked and re-posted on X a gazillion times to finally get a "free" code; then holding your breath rushed to the fancy UI that wraps their publicly-available contracts. 
> 
> But wait, I am sure none of the fine-prints ever said that there is a 10% entry fee...
> 
> ### WINNING CONDITION
> 
> Mint synthetic tokens while keeping your ETH balance intact. 

Reviewer: Some minor spelling changes

```suggestion
Everybody's buzzing of a new invite-only project, where you get the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to stake ETH and swap it for a real ERC-20!!!

You liked and re-posted on X a gazillion times to finally get a "free" code; then holding your breath rushed to the fancy UI that wraps their publicly available contracts. 

But wait, I am sure none of the fine prints ever said that there is a 10% entry fee...

### WINNING CONDITION

Mint synthetic tokens while keeping your ETH balance intact.
```
